I showed you a video of a young woman
named Caitlyn Heller who's now very
famous for a video in which her half has
her twerking led to sending herself a
flame we were able to get in touch with
her and she joins us live now via Skype
from Kansas City please say hello to
Caitlyn hi Caitlyn Caitlyn
I'll get straight through the question
everyone wants answered how are your
yoga pants why would you upload
something which I don't know is kind of
embarrassing
I did not want to at first but my friend
kind of talked me into it and Here I am
when you put it online did you have any
idea how popular is gonna become I had
no clue like I this is literally like my
first youtube submission now before we
go any further I think most people are
wondering why the video stopped so
suddenly it seemed like there was more
to see why did it stop there oh my god
it got a little intense but I do have
the rest of it yes you have provided us
with the rest of the video I but you
know I think it would be better if we if
we do this together actually excuse me
for one second and yeah okay okay all
right
how you doing yeah
should we show the full director's cut I
think it is time to let's roll that
why the job man
so there you go - the conspiracy
theorists on the internet who thought
the video was fake you were right it was
fake we made it up I'm also the guy who
bit Charley's finger by the way we shot
that video two months ago and we posted
on on YouTube we didn't send it to any
TV stations we didn't I didn't tweet it
we didn't put it on any news web sites
we just put it on the inner on a YouTube
and let the magic happen and the magic
happen got 9 million views in in a week
in less than a week and well your name
isn't even you're a stunt woman and we
swore to have me to secrecy you couldn't
tell anyone but did your friend any of
your family or friends see the video and
then wonder what you were doing in it
everyone saw it I got numerous like
Facebook yeah did any of them think it
was real when they saw you in it knowing
you're a stunt woman my ex-boyfriend
from high school sent me like this
worried Facebook message like oh my gosh
I saw this video it looks like you are
you okay like you think you think he's
still in love with you
no no you know we got a lot of interview
requests for you said to our our YouTube
channel and we didn't respond to any of
them and even though the video is fake
that did not stop hundreds of news
outlets from showing it some people even
blamed Miley Cyrus as if this was her
fault but this is just a sampling of
some of the many many media outlets who
fell for our little prank for this
segment we thought we just had to trot
out this video because apparently it's
everywhere the first time I saw viral
video 2 million views it now has 8
million the girl in this video was
trying to make a sexy twerk video for
her boyfriend check out this twerker
on fire watch how a twerking girl
literally sets herself on fire for girls
on fire now the internet is on fire
dangerous side effects of the fad known
as twerking fairly twerking or just
trying to do it is getting downright
dangerous so this is a major twerking
fail some are calling it the world's
biggest twerking fail this could be the
most disastrous attempt to get working
at all time this is an example of how
knots it's work this holds for way into
twerk II ended a near disaster I do
believe the look on her face
thank you for helping us deceive the
world and hopefully put an end to
twerking forever Daphne Avalon everybody